(upbeat music)
there is two more pieces of data that we need to do.
We need to create the person schema,
so that we can create people
and we're gonna learn how to paginate them.
And then we also need, like a settings page.
And this is a little bit different
because it's going to be for,
like on the homepage.
I wanna be able to specify who is currently slicing pizza.
And then I also wanna specify what pizzas are currently
by the slice or in the case.
And that's not gonna be a multiples.
That's just gonna be store settings.
So we gonna look at how to do that a little later on,
but for right now,
let's create the schema for individual person.
So we'll go into our schema
and create a person dot JS
and let's just go into pizza and copy paste it in.
We'll start at the top.
We wanna grab the M D person icon.
You see why I like to rename this as icon?
Cause I just need to change what the import is
and not have to worry about changing this one right here.
The name is going to be the person.
The title is gonna be sliced masters
and the type is a document icon.
And then we have the name of the person that's just going
to be their name in this case.
We don't need descriptions.
Self-explanatory what it is. There will be a slug.
So we'll just keep that there.
And then we want an image.
So we'll keep that one there as well.
So the image of the person, I like
to do that anytime you're creating multiple data types,
keep the same name, image, slug.
Those are just commonly used names for fields.
So keep them all the same across.
obviously don't need a price
or toppings on a person and then preview.
We don't need any of the preview
because it will just work based on the name
and the image of the person.
So give that a save.
We'll go into our schema that jazz.
I'll duplicate that topping and call it person.
There we go and we'll go down here and inject that.
She came out into our back end.
Now if we go to our back end,
air ratios that we have our slice masters showing up.
Good let's go ahead and add one.
Just make sure it works.
So if you take a look at sample data
and click on text data,
you'll see there's people,
there's a whole bunch of different descriptions
of the people.
I always like to have like some like decent fun data instead
of just typing Loral Epsom.
Lets do slick first
so slick generate the slug
and we forgot the description of the person.
Okay so this is why I love sanity, right?
Like watch, I forgot to put a field
so I can go right into the person
and we'll duplicate slug and I'll name it description.
Type is text and there are no options and this is funny.
We need a description field that says,
tell us a bit about them.
Wash us I'm halfway through creating this data type
and it's still there.
My data is still there.
I can paste in my description of the person
and then let's upload an image going to slice masters.
Here's slick and it's loaded in publish.
And now you see it's like a showing up
in the sidebar here again.
It's taking the name and image field,
so we don't have
to do a custom preview there that's good enough for me.
Alright, that's the last data input in the next video?
What we'll do is we'll look
at how human create custom react components
for input specifically for the pizza price
and I'll see in that one.